TW 595 Trending elements in the Private API Network (#4511)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/adding-private-network.md

* Select **Home** from the Postman header, then select **Private API Network** in your team information on the left side.
* Select **API Network** from the Postman header, then select **Private API Network**.

There are several ways to search, filter, and sort elements in the Private API Network.

* To search by name, enter the full or partial element name into  **Search elements**.
* To filter based on the person who added the element, select **Added by**, then select the name of the team member.
* To filter by element type, select **Type**, then select **API**, **Collection**, or **Workspace**.

> * To sort elements, select **Sort by**. Options are:

Reviewer: Instead of `select **Sort by**`, what do you think about `select the **Sort by** dropdown list`? I'm asking because users select the dropdown list next to "Sort by".

    * **Recently added** - Sort elements by the date they were added.
    * **A to Z** - Sort elements alphabetically.
    * **Trending this week** - Sort elements by your team's usage this week.
    * **Trending this month** - Sort elements by your team's usage this month.

> * To sort folders, sub-folders, and elements alphabetically or by date added, select **Sort By** (<img alt="Sort icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-sort.jpg#icon" width="16px">) from the Overview section.

Author: Yep, you're right! Thanks for catching this!

> * To sort folders, sub-folders, and elements alphabetically or by date added, select the sort icon <img alt="Sort icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-sort.jpg#icon" width="16px"> from the Overview section.

Reviewer 2: the sort option has to be selected from the sidebar and not the overview section

Author: Thanks @grakhejapstmn! Updated.

> * To sort folders, sub-folders, and elements alphabetically or by date added, select the sort icon <img alt="Sort icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-sort.jpg#icon" width="16px"> from the Overview section.

Author: ```suggestion
* To sort folders, sub-folders, and elements alphabetically or by date added, select the sort icon <img alt="Sort icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-sort.jpg#icon" width="16px"> from the sidebar.
```
